README.md, before:

Description/ Описание
===========

# 14.06.2022 NO \r update!!! 
* NO NEED TO REMOVE \r character from words\phrases file!!!  
* FINALLY, 100% CORRECTLY WORKS WITH CUSTOM GENERATORS  
* Thank you so much ![@kenorb](https://github.com/kenorb) for your help  
![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/173538557-8ed9c0e5-3d64-475c-992a-c250b03eaee2.png)

------

# 14.06.2022 обновление "Без \r"!!!   
* НЕ НУЖНО БОЛЬШЕ УДАЛЯТЬ СИМВОЛ \r из файла со словами/ фразами!!!
* НАКОНЕЦ-ТО, 100% КОРРЕКТНАЯ РАБОТА СО СТОРОННИМИ ГЕНЕРАТОРАМИ  
* Большое спасибо ![@kenorb](https://github.com/kenorb) за помощь!  
![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/173538557-8ed9c0e5-3d64-475c-992a-c250b03eaee2.png)
------

# 28.05.2022 Big Bloom update!!! 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/170828809-0bbb5c0a-7a57-4c61-8277-f75c4655fa6a.png)
* Changed bloom filter size.
* From 512MB to 2.1GB !!!
* Ideal for ~ 3GB bases
------

# 28.05.2022 Big Bloom обновление!!!   
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/170828809-0bbb5c0a-7a57-4c61-8277-f75c4655fa6a.png)
* Изменён размер создаваемого блюм фильтра.
* с 512Мб до 2.1Гб !!!
* Идеально для баз размером ~ 3Гб
------


It took me 7 hours and a bunch of nerve cells ...

and I managed to compile brainflayer for Windows

I would be glad to receive any feedback!

Donation: bc1qlwcaxwnp2ulndlppdc0wvkdz7ly2npfuz6ny0a  
------

English
-------
This software will allow you to use brainflayer functions directly in Windows

You can also use this program to search through the database of words / passwords.
And you can use third-party generators ... ~~BUT I have not yet figured out how to display information on the screen when using generators ...
brainflayer works with them, but displays information only at the end of the generator's work (see screenshot).~~  

Windows Version work with third-party generators only then your using program from CMD(not PowerShell)!!!  
![Brain](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/144838729-8cbd56a6-27ad-4a0b-a3b6-a7ba2881420a.PNG)

If you know or understand how to fix it, please write to me

Telegram: @XopMC

or open "New issue" on GitHub.

# !!! Attention ... ~~if you are making a base of words / passwords or hashes160 on Windows - be sure to remove the empty line character `\r` (for example, using Notepad++) ... without this BF will not see matches !!!~~ 14.06.2022 update -works correctly with \r

Russian
-------
Этот софт позволит вам использовать функции Brainflayer прямо в Windows. 

Вы так же можете использовать эту программу для поиска через базу слов/паролей
И можете использовать сторонние генераторы... ~~НО я пока не понял, как при использовании генераторов выводить информацию на экран...
brainflayer работает ними, но информацию выводит только по окончанию работы генератора (см. скриншот).~~  

Windows версия работает со стронними генераторами только, если запускать программу из CMD (не из PowerShell)!!!  
![Brain](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/144838729-8cbd56a6-27ad-4a0b-a3b6-a7ba2881420a.PNG)

Если вы знаете или поняли как это исправить, прошу написать мне

Telegram : @XopMC 

или откройте "New issue " в GitHub.

Буду рад любой обратной связи!

# !!! Внимание... ~~если делаете базу слов/паролей или хешей160 на Windows - обязательно удаляйте символ пустой строки `\r`(например с помощью Notepad++)... без этого BF не увидит совпадений !!!~~ 14.06.2022 обновление - работает корректно с \r

# (Так же сделал перевод описания использования программы см [Usage RUS](https://github.com/XopMC/brainflayer-Windows#usage-rus-использование))

Brainflayer
===========

Brainflayer is a Proof-of-Concept brainwallet cracking tool that uses
[libsecp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoin/secp256k1) for pubkey generation.
It was originally released as part of my DEFCON talk about cracking brainwallets
([slides](https://rya.nc/dc23), [video](https://rya.nc/b6), [why](https://rya.nc/defcon-brainwallets.html)).

The name is a reference to [Mind Flayers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illithid),
a race of monsters from the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. They eat
brains, psionically enslave people and look like lovecraftian horrors.

The current release is more than four times faster than the DEFCON release, and
many features have been added.

If brainflayer is useful to you, please get in touch to let me know. I'm very
interested in any research it's being used for, and I'm generally happy to
collaborate with academic groups.

Disclaimer
----------
Just because you *can* steal someone's money doesn't mean you *should*.
Stealing would make you a jerk. Don't be a jerk.

No support will be provided at this time, and I may ignore or close issues
requesting support without responding.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Usage RUS (Использование):
--------

### Базовое

Высчитайте блум фильтр:

`hex2blf.exe пример.hex пример.blf`

Запустите Brainflayer с этими параметрами:

`brainflayer.exe -v -b пример.blf -i список_фраз.txt`

или

`сторонний_генератор | brainflayer.exe -v -b пример.blf`

### Продвинутое использование

На дизайн Brainflayer сильно повлияла [философия Unix](https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Философия_Unix).  
Он (в основном) делает одно: охотится за вкусными мозговыми кошельками.  
Основная особенность - это не генерация возможных паролей / парольных фраз.  
Есть много других замечательных инструментов, которые делают это,  
и Brainflayer будет рад, если вы подключите их к нему.  

К сожалению, в настоящее время brainflayer не поддерживает многопоточность.  
Если вы хотите, задействовать несколько ядер, вам придется придумать способ самостоятельно распределять работу (могут помочь опции -n и -k в brainflayer).  
В моем тестировании, brainflayer значительно выигрывает от многопоточности, поэтому вы можете запустить две копии на каждое физическое ядро.  
Также стоит отметить, что brainflayer размещает свои файлы данных в общей памяти  
поэтому дополнительные процессы brainflayer не используют столько дополнительной оперативной памяти.  


Хотя это и не обязательно, настоятельно рекомендуется использовать следующие параметры:  


* `-m ФАЙЛ` Загрузить таблицу ecmult из `ФАЙЛ` (сгенерированную с помощью ecmtabgen),  
            а не вычислять ее при запуске.  
            Это позволит нескольким процессам Brainflayer совместно использовать одну и ту же таблицу в памяти  
            и значительно сократит время запуска при использовании большой таблицы.  

* `-f ФАЙЛ` Проверка что Блум фильтр соответствует списку всех hash160 `FILE`,   
            сгенерированных с помощью `sort -u пример.hex | xxd -r -p> пример.bin` ` (Эта команда не работает в Windows, ищите обходные пути )`  
            В сети Биткойн существует достаточно адресов, чтобы вызвать ложные срабатывания в фильтре Блума, эта опция подавит их.  

Brainflayer поддерживает несколько других типов ввода с помощью опции `-t`: 

* `-t keccak` парольные фразы хешированные с помощью keccak256 (некоторые инструменты ethereum)

* `-t priv` необработанные закрытые ключи  
            их можно через внешний генератор, выдающий hex ключи.  
            Любые конечные данные после закрытого ключа, закодированного в шестнадцатеричном формате,  
            также будут включены в вывод "brainflayer" для справки.  
            См. Также параметр `-I`, который имеет специальную оптимизацию скорости - если вы хотите взломать "связку последовательных ключей" (sequential keys)  
            

* `-t warp` salt или пароли/фразы для WarpWallet

* `-t bwio` salt или пароли/фразы для brainwallet.io

* `-t bv2`  salt или пароли/фразы для brainv2 - это * очень * медленный режим на CPU
            однако выбор параметров делает его отличной целью для графических процессоров и FPGA. 

* `-t rush` пароли для защищенных rushwallets - передать фрагмент (часть URL-адреса после #)
            с помощью `-r`. Почти все неправильные пароли будут отклонены даже без блум фильтра. 
            
Типы адресов могут быть указаны с помощью опции `-c`:

* `-c u` несжатые адреса

* `-c c` сжатые адреса

* `-c e` Ethereum адреса

* `-c x` наиболее значимые биты публичных точек x координаты

Можно комбинировать два или более из них, например по умолчанию - `-c uc`.

Для фанатов [directory.io](http://www.directory.io/) доступен режим инкрементального перебора закрытого ключа. 

Попробуйте:

`brainflayer.exe -v -I 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 -b example.blf`

Смотрите `brainflayer.exe -h` для более подробной информации об использовании.

Также `blfchk` - вы можете передать ему в шестнадцатеричном формате hash160 для проверки файла фильтра Блума.  
Это очень быстро - может легко проверять миллионы хешей160 в секунду.  
Не совсем уверен, для чего это нужно, но я уверен, что вы что-нибудь придумаете.  


Usage ENG:
--------

### Basic

Precompute the bloom filter:

`hex2blf.exe example.hex example.blf`

Run Brainflayer against it:

`brainflayer.exe -v -b example.blf -i phraselist.txt`

or

`your_generator | brainflayer.exe -v -b example.blf`

### Advanced

Brainflayer's design is heavily influenced by [Unix philosophy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy).
It (mostly) does one thing: hunt for tasty brainwallets. A major feature it
does *not* have is generating candidate passwords/passphrases. There are plenty
of other great tools that do that, and brainflayer is happy to have you pipe
their output to it.

Unfortunately, brainflayer is not currently multithreaded. If you want to have
it keep multiple cores busy, you'll have to come up with a way to distribute
the work yourself (brainflayer's -n and -k options may help). In my testing,
brainflayer benefits significantly from hyperthreading, so you may want to
run two copies per physical core. Also worth noting is that brainflayer mmaps
its data files in shared memory, so additional brainflayer processes do not
use up that much additional RAM.

While not strictly required, it is *highly* recommended to use the following
options:

* `-m FILE` Load the ecmult table from `FILE` (generated with `ecmtabgen`)
            rather than computing it on startup. This will allow multiple
            brainflayer processes to share the same table in memory, and
            signifigantly reduce startup time when using a large table.

* `-f FILE` Verify check bloom filter matches against `FILE`, a list of all
            hash160s generated with
            `sort -u example.hex | xxd -r -p > example.bin`
            Enough addresses exist on the Bitcoin network to cause false
            positives in the bloom filter, this option will suppress them.

Brainflayer supports a few other types of input via the `-t` option:

* `-t keccak` passphrases to be hashed with keccak256 (some ethereum tools)

* `-t priv` raw private keys - this can be used to support arbitrary
            deterministic wallet schemes via an external program. Any trailing
            data after the hex encoded private key will be included in
            brainflayer's output as well, for reference. See also the `-I`
            option if you want to crack a bunch of sequential keys, which has
            special speed optimizations.

* `-t warp` salts or passwords/passphrases for WarpWallet

* `-t bwio` salts or passwords/passphrases for brainwallet.io

* `-t bv2`  salts or passwords/passphrases for brainv2 - this one is *very* slow
            on CPU, however the parameter choices make it a great target for GPUs
            and FPGAs.

* `-t rush` passwords for password-protected rushwallets - pass the fragment (the
            part of the url after the #) using `-r`. Almost all wrong passwords
            will be rejected even without a bloom filter.

Address types can be specified with the `-c` option:

* `-c u` uncompressed addresses

* `-c c` compressed addresses

* `-c e` ethereum addresses

* `-c x` most signifigant bits of public point's x coordinate

It's possible to combine two or more of these, e.g. the default is `-c uc`.

An incremental private key brute force mode is available for fans of
[directory.io](http://www.directory.io/), try

`brainflayer.exe -v -I 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 -b example.blf`

See the output of `brainflayer.exe -h` for more detailed usage info.

Also included is `blfchk` - you can pipe it hex encoded hash160 to check a
bloom filter file for. It's very fast - it can easily check millions of
hash160s per second. Not entirely sure what this is good for but I'm sure
you'll come up with something.


Building
--------

Should compile on Linux with `make` provided you have the required devel libs
installed (at least openssl and gmp are required along with libsecp256k1's
build dependencies). I really need to learn autotools. If you file an issue
about a build failure in libsecp256k1 I will close it.

Dependencies should install with

```
apt install build-essential libgmp-dev libssl-dev
```

Supported build target is currently Ubuntu 20.04 on amd64/x86_64. Issues with
building for other platforms probably won’t be fixed. In particular, Kali Linux
is *not* supported. Support for operating systems other than Linux would require
extensive refactoring of Brainflayer's memory optimizations and is not happening.

Redistribution of compiled `brainflayer` binaries is prohibited, and
unauthorized binaries probably contain malware.

Authors
-------

The bulk of Brainflayer was written by Ryan Castellucci. Nicolas Courtois and
Guangyan Song contributed the code in `ec_pubkey_fast.c` which more than
doubles the speed of public key computations compared with the stock secp256k1
library from Bitcoin. This code uses a much larger table for ec multiplication
and optimized routines for ec addition and doubling.

Compiled by @XopMC for https://t.me/brythbit
Donation: bc1qlwcaxwnp2ulndlppdc0wvkdz7ly2npfuz6ny0a

Commit message:

REMOVING ALL BRAIFLAYER EXECUTABLE FILES

README.md, after:

Description/ Описание
===========
# !!!All executable files were deleted at the request of the copyright holder!!!  
# !!!Все исполняемые файлы удалены по требованию правообладателя!!!  

 But you can compile it by yourself with ![CYGWIN](https://www.cygwin.com/setup-x86_64.exe)  
 Но вы можете скомпилировать самостоятельно с помощью ![CYGWIN](https://www.cygwin.com/setup-x86_64.exe)  



# 14.06.2022 NO \r update!!! 
* NO NEED TO REMOVE \r character from words\phrases file!!!  
* FINALLY, 100% CORRECTLY WORKS WITH CUSTOM GENERATORS  
* Thank you so much ![@kenorb](https://github.com/kenorb) for your help  
![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/173538557-8ed9c0e5-3d64-475c-992a-c250b03eaee2.png)

------

# 14.06.2022 обновление "Без \r"!!!   
* НЕ НУЖНО БОЛЬШЕ УДАЛЯТЬ СИМВОЛ \r из файла со словами/ фразами!!!
* НАКОНЕЦ-ТО, 100% КОРРЕКТНАЯ РАБОТА СО СТОРОННИМИ ГЕНЕРАТОРАМИ  
* Большое спасибо ![@kenorb](https://github.com/kenorb) за помощь!  
![изображение](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/173538557-8ed9c0e5-3d64-475c-992a-c250b03eaee2.png)
------

# 28.05.2022 Big Bloom update!!! 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/170828809-0bbb5c0a-7a57-4c61-8277-f75c4655fa6a.png)
* Changed bloom filter size.
* From 512MB to 2.1GB !!!
* Ideal for ~ 3GB bases
------

# 28.05.2022 Big Bloom обновление!!!   
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/170828809-0bbb5c0a-7a57-4c61-8277-f75c4655fa6a.png)
* Изменён размер создаваемого блюм фильтра.
* с 512Мб до 2.1Гб !!!
* Идеально для баз размером ~ 3Гб
------


It took me 7 hours and a bunch of nerve cells ...

and I managed to compile brainflayer for Windows

I would be glad to receive any feedback!

Donation: bc1qlwcaxwnp2ulndlppdc0wvkdz7ly2npfuz6ny0a  
------

English
-------
This software will allow you to use brainflayer functions directly in Windows

You can also use this program to search through the database of words / passwords.
And you can use third-party generators ... ~~BUT I have not yet figured out how to display information on the screen when using generators ...
brainflayer works with them, but displays information only at the end of the generator's work (see screenshot).~~  

Windows Version work with third-party generators only then your using program from CMD(not PowerShell)!!!  
![Brain](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/144838729-8cbd56a6-27ad-4a0b-a3b6-a7ba2881420a.PNG)

If you know or understand how to fix it, please write to me

Telegram: @XopMC

or open "New issue" on GitHub.

# !!! Attention ... ~~if you are making a base of words / passwords or hashes160 on Windows - be sure to remove the empty line character `\r` (for example, using Notepad++) ... without this BF will not see matches !!!~~ 14.06.2022 update -works correctly with \r

Russian
-------
Этот софт позволит вам использовать функции Brainflayer прямо в Windows. 

Вы так же можете использовать эту программу для поиска через базу слов/паролей
И можете использовать сторонние генераторы... ~~НО я пока не понял, как при использовании генераторов выводить информацию на экран...
brainflayer работает ними, но информацию выводит только по окончанию работы генератора (см. скриншот).~~  

Windows версия работает со стронними генераторами только, если запускать программу из CMD (не из PowerShell)!!!  
![Brain](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89750173/144838729-8cbd56a6-27ad-4a0b-a3b6-a7ba2881420a.PNG)

Если вы знаете или поняли как это исправить, прошу написать мне

Telegram : @XopMC 

или откройте "New issue " в GitHub.

Буду рад любой обратной связи!

# !!! Внимание... ~~если делаете базу слов/паролей или хешей160 на Windows - обязательно удаляйте символ пустой строки `\r`(например с помощью Notepad++)... без этого BF не увидит совпадений !!!~~ 14.06.2022 обновление - работает корректно с \r

# (Так же сделал перевод описания использования программы см [Usage RUS](https://github.com/XopMC/brainflayer-Windows#usage-rus-использование))

Brainflayer
===========

Brainflayer is a Proof-of-Concept brainwallet cracking tool that uses
[libsecp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoin/secp256k1) for pubkey generation.
It was originally released as part of my DEFCON talk about cracking brainwallets
([slides](https://rya.nc/dc23), [video](https://rya.nc/b6), [why](https://rya.nc/defcon-brainwallets.html)).

The name is a reference to [Mind Flayers](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Illithid),
a race of monsters from the Dungeons & Dragons role-playing game. They eat
brains, psionically enslave people and look like lovecraftian horrors.

The current release is more than four times faster than the DEFCON release, and
many features have been added.

If brainflayer is useful to you, please get in touch to let me know. I'm very
interested in any research it's being used for, and I'm generally happy to
collaborate with academic groups.

Disclaimer
----------
Just because you *can* steal someone's money doesn't mean you *should*.
Stealing would make you a jerk. Don't be a jerk.

No support will be provided at this time, and I may ignore or close issues
requesting support without responding.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Usage RUS (Использование):
--------

### Базовое

Высчитайте блум фильтр:

`hex2blf.exe пример.hex пример.blf`

Запустите Brainflayer с этими параметрами:

`brainflayer.exe -v -b пример.blf -i список_фраз.txt`

или

`сторонний_генератор | brainflayer.exe -v -b пример.blf`

### Продвинутое использование

На дизайн Brainflayer сильно повлияла [философия Unix](https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Философия_Unix).  
Он (в основном) делает одно: охотится за вкусными мозговыми кошельками.  
Основная особенность - это не генерация возможных паролей / парольных фраз.  
Есть много других замечательных инструментов, которые делают это,  
и Brainflayer будет рад, если вы подключите их к нему.  

К сожалению, в настоящее время brainflayer не поддерживает многопоточность.  
Если вы хотите, задействовать несколько ядер, вам придется придумать способ самостоятельно распределять работу (могут помочь опции -n и -k в brainflayer).  
В моем тестировании, brainflayer значительно выигрывает от многопоточности, поэтому вы можете запустить две копии на каждое физическое ядро.  
Также стоит отметить, что brainflayer размещает свои файлы данных в общей памяти  
поэтому дополнительные процессы brainflayer не используют столько дополнительной оперативной памяти.  


Хотя это и не обязательно, настоятельно рекомендуется использовать следующие параметры:  


* `-m ФАЙЛ` Загрузить таблицу ecmult из `ФАЙЛ` (сгенерированную с помощью ecmtabgen),  
            а не вычислять ее при запуске.  
            Это позволит нескольким процессам Brainflayer совместно использовать одну и ту же таблицу в памяти  
            и значительно сократит время запуска при использовании большой таблицы.  

* `-f ФАЙЛ` Проверка что Блум фильтр соответствует списку всех hash160 `FILE`,   
            сгенерированных с помощью `sort -u пример.hex | xxd -r -p> пример.bin` ` (Эта команда не работает в Windows, ищите обходные пути )`  
            В сети Биткойн существует достаточно адресов, чтобы вызвать ложные срабатывания в фильтре Блума, эта опция подавит их.  

Brainflayer поддерживает несколько других типов ввода с помощью опции `-t`: 

* `-t keccak` парольные фразы хешированные с помощью keccak256 (некоторые инструменты ethereum)

* `-t priv` необработанные закрытые ключи  
            их можно через внешний генератор, выдающий hex ключи.  
            Любые конечные данные после закрытого ключа, закодированного в шестнадцатеричном формате,  
            также будут включены в вывод "brainflayer" для справки.  
            См. Также параметр `-I`, который имеет специальную оптимизацию скорости - если вы хотите взломать "связку последовательных ключей" (sequential keys)  
            

* `-t warp` salt или пароли/фразы для WarpWallet

* `-t bwio` salt или пароли/фразы для brainwallet.io

* `-t bv2`  salt или пароли/фразы для brainv2 - это * очень * медленный режим на CPU
            однако выбор параметров делает его отличной целью для графических процессоров и FPGA. 

* `-t rush` пароли для защищенных rushwallets - передать фрагмент (часть URL-адреса после #)
            с помощью `-r`. Почти все неправильные пароли будут отклонены даже без блум фильтра. 
            
Типы адресов могут быть указаны с помощью опции `-c`:

* `-c u` несжатые адреса

* `-c c` сжатые адреса

* `-c e` Ethereum адреса

* `-c x` наиболее значимые биты публичных точек x координаты

Можно комбинировать два или более из них, например по умолчанию - `-c uc`.

Для фанатов [directory.io](http://www.directory.io/) доступен режим инкрементального перебора закрытого ключа. 

Попробуйте:

`brainflayer.exe -v -I 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 -b example.blf`

Смотрите `brainflayer.exe -h` для более подробной информации об использовании.

Также `blfchk` - вы можете передать ему в шестнадцатеричном формате hash160 для проверки файла фильтра Блума.  
Это очень быстро - может легко проверять миллионы хешей160 в секунду.  
Не совсем уверен, для чего это нужно, но я уверен, что вы что-нибудь придумаете.  


Usage ENG:
--------

### Basic

Precompute the bloom filter:

`hex2blf.exe example.hex example.blf`

Run Brainflayer against it:

`brainflayer.exe -v -b example.blf -i phraselist.txt`

or

`your_generator | brainflayer.exe -v -b example.blf`

### Advanced

Brainflayer's design is heavily influenced by [Unix philosophy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy).
It (mostly) does one thing: hunt for tasty brainwallets. A major feature it
does *not* have is generating candidate passwords/passphrases. There are plenty
of other great tools that do that, and brainflayer is happy to have you pipe
their output to it.

Unfortunately, brainflayer is not currently multithreaded. If you want to have
it keep multiple cores busy, you'll have to come up with a way to distribute
the work yourself (brainflayer's -n and -k options may help). In my testing,
brainflayer benefits significantly from hyperthreading, so you may want to
run two copies per physical core. Also worth noting is that brainflayer mmaps
its data files in shared memory, so additional brainflayer processes do not
use up that much additional RAM.

While not strictly required, it is *highly* recommended to use the following
options:

* `-m FILE` Load the ecmult table from `FILE` (generated with `ecmtabgen`)
            rather than computing it on startup. This will allow multiple
            brainflayer processes to share the same table in memory, and
            signifigantly reduce startup time when using a large table.

* `-f FILE` Verify check bloom filter matches against `FILE`, a list of all
            hash160s generated with
            `sort -u example.hex | xxd -r -p > example.bin`
            Enough addresses exist on the Bitcoin network to cause false
            positives in the bloom filter, this option will suppress them.

Brainflayer supports a few other types of input via the `-t` option:

* `-t keccak` passphrases to be hashed with keccak256 (some ethereum tools)

* `-t priv` raw private keys - this can be used to support arbitrary
            deterministic wallet schemes via an external program. Any trailing
            data after the hex encoded private key will be included in
            brainflayer's output as well, for reference. See also the `-I`
            option if you want to crack a bunch of sequential keys, which has
            special speed optimizations.

* `-t warp` salts or passwords/passphrases for WarpWallet

* `-t bwio` salts or passwords/passphrases for brainwallet.io

* `-t bv2`  salts or passwords/passphrases for brainv2 - this one is *very* slow
            on CPU, however the parameter choices make it a great target for GPUs
            and FPGAs.

* `-t rush` passwords for password-protected rushwallets - pass the fragment (the
            part of the url after the #) using `-r`. Almost all wrong passwords
            will be rejected even without a bloom filter.

Address types can be specified with the `-c` option:

* `-c u` uncompressed addresses

* `-c c` compressed addresses

* `-c e` ethereum addresses

* `-c x` most signifigant bits of public point's x coordinate

It's possible to combine two or more of these, e.g. the default is `-c uc`.

An incremental private key brute force mode is available for fans of
[directory.io](http://www.directory.io/), try

`brainflayer.exe -v -I 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001 -b example.blf`

See the output of `brainflayer.exe -h` for more detailed usage info.

Also included is `blfchk` - you can pipe it hex encoded hash160 to check a
bloom filter file for. It's very fast - it can easily check millions of
hash160s per second. Not entirely sure what this is good for but I'm sure
you'll come up with something.


Building
--------

Should compile on Linux with `make` provided you have the required devel libs
installed (at least openssl and gmp are required along with libsecp256k1's
build dependencies). I really need to learn autotools. If you file an issue
about a build failure in libsecp256k1 I will close it.

Dependencies should install with

```
apt install build-essential libgmp-dev libssl-dev
```

Supported build target is currently Ubuntu 20.04 on amd64/x86_64. Issues with
building for other platforms probably won’t be fixed. In particular, Kali Linux
is *not* supported. Support for operating systems other than Linux would require
extensive refactoring of Brainflayer's memory optimizations and is not happening.

Redistribution of compiled `brainflayer` binaries is prohibited, and
unauthorized binaries probably contain malware.

Authors
-------

The bulk of Brainflayer was written by Ryan Castellucci. Nicolas Courtois and
Guangyan Song contributed the code in `ec_pubkey_fast.c` which more than
doubles the speed of public key computations compared with the stock secp256k1
library from Bitcoin. This code uses a much larger table for ec multiplication
and optimized routines for ec addition and doubling.

Compiled by @XopMC for https://t.me/brythbit
Donation: bc1qlwcaxwnp2ulndlppdc0wvkdz7ly2npfuz6ny0a
